To use Scatter to send push transactions to the inery blockchain, the steps are as follows:

##### 1. Make sure [scatter](https://get-scatter.com/) is installed on your machine.
```
sudo apt-get update && sudo npm install -g scatter
```
##### 2. Open an SSH terminal on Ubuntu 20 and navigate to the directory of your blockchain project.

Important note, to run Task 4 of Inery Blockchain, you need to create a Project Name that matches your Inery account name.
```
mkdir yourproject
cd yourproject
```
##### 3. Install ineryjs and dotenv by running the following command:
```
npm install $HOME/ineryjs dotenv
```
```
npm init -y
```
##### 4. Create a JSON object containing information about the transaction to be sent to the inery blockchain, such as the sender's account, receiver's account, and data to be stored in the blockchain.
Here is an example code for sending transactions using Scatter in the smart contract script ineryjs:
```
import ScatterJS from 'scatterjs-core'
import ScatterEOS from 'scatterjs-plugin-eosjs2'

const network = {
    blockchain:'inery',
    host: 'localhost',
    port: 8888,
    protocol: 'http',
    chainId: '...'
}

ScatterJS.plugins( new ScatterEOS() )

async function sendTransaction(transaction) {
    const connected = await ScatterJS.scatter.connect('My-App')
    if (!connected) {
        return console.error('Failed to connect to Scatter.')
    }
    const scatter = ScatterJS.scatter
    const requiredFields = { accounts: [network] }
    await scatter.getIdentity(requiredFields)
    const eos = scatter.eos(network, Api, { rpc })
    const result = await eos.transact(transaction)
    console.log(result)
}

const transaction = {
    actions: [
        {
            account: 'ineryjs',
            name: 'create',
            authorization: [
                {
                    actor: 'useraccount',
                    permission: 'active',
                },
            ],
            data: {
                id: 1000,
                account: 'useraccount',
                data: 'INERY JSON-RPC CRUD push transaction',
            },
        },
    ],
}

sendTransaction(transaction)
```
Note that in the `sendTransaction()` function, we use ScatterJS to connect to Scatter and retrieve the allowed user identity. Then, we use the EOSJS2 plugin connected to Scatter to create an `inery` object that will be used to send transactions to the blockchain.

`The transaction` object described above should be modified according to the transaction object you want to send to the blockchain. Remember to replace the id, account, and data values as needed for your application.

You can add the provided code to the same JavaScript file as your smart contract and save it as a new file, such as `scatter.js`.

##### 5. Create a function to send the transaction using Scatter, by taking the previously created JSON object as a parameter.
To run this function in the terminal, make sure you have Node.js and the required dependencies installed on your computer. You can install these dependencies by running the command `npm install` in your project directory.

Once you have installed the dependencies, you can run `the sendTransaction()` function by adding its call to the same JavaScript file as your smart contract or a separate JavaScript file and running the file in the terminal using the command `node <file_name>.js`. Make sure you have added the necessary code to call the function. For example `rpccreate.js`:
```
const transaction = {
    actions: [api.with(account).as(account).create(id, account, data)]
}

sendTransaction(transaction)
```
##### 6. Run the function on the terminal.
```
node rpccreate.js
```
This will send the transaction generated by the `createData()` function through Scatter to the `inery blockchain`. You can adjust the transaction object according to the function you want to execute.






